This Project Attempts to add the abilty to handle arduino projects to the Eclipse IDE without 
the user having to install any extra software besides having the arduino environment on disk.
Projects created with this plugin should be compatible with the arduino environment still.

Parts of this Plugin (Especially the builders and Preprocesors) are slightly modified versions of 
what is found in the Arduino Sorce code.  As Such, these files follow the GNU General Public Liscence 
available in Liscence.txt

I'm not sure how to make a plugin that can be installed in another version of eclipse, so as of now
the only way to run this, is to import it into eclipse as a project, and press run.  This should open
another window of eclipse up, which will have this plugin installed.

Press new Project, and select arduino project.  The first page of the wiizard is self explanatory.
The second page of the wizard must be completed.
    -The location of the arduino install must be specified
    -the board type (currently only uno, and custom supported)
        - if custom is selected, the processor type and frequency must be filled in.
        -Although the uploading stuff is unused as of yet, you must fill those in as well
            (just pick whatever).
    -write your source code in the text editor, save, and press build project.
    -If you exit eclipse, and go back, it wont build because it has lost all of its settings.



Eventule Features include:
	New Arduino Project Wizard			-Started
	Import Arduino Project Wizard		-Not Started (EASY ONCE NEW PROJECT IS DONE)
	Arduino Project Editor				-Not Started (EASY ONCE OTHER STUFF IS FIGURED OUT)
	Custom Nature						-Completed for features so far
	Arduino Builder						-Completed
	Editor for pde files				-Not Started
	Saved preferences					-Not Started

So Far I am able to create a new project, 
completly coompile projects that only have one file, and that don't use includes
compile settings are lost on exit (no save settings yet
	
New Arduino Project Wizard:
	Page 1:	 -The user will be able to enter a name for the project and the workspace 
	
	Page 2:  -Supply the location of the arduino environment, 
			 -Specify various board/MCU Settings.  
			 		The plugin will have the ability to parse the Boards.txt file, or define a 
					custom board setup which can be saved to the board.txt file if desired.
	
	After:	 -The plugin will create the project
			 -Create a "Projectname".pde file containing default arduino code 
			 -Save WorkspaceWide Settings and Project Wide settings
			 
	So Far:	-New projects can be created
			-Doesn't check if arduino directory is actually correct
			-Doesn't read board.txt, so only custom boards and hardcoded arduino uno are allowed
			-Only allows a small subset of processors... easy to fix just need a list of avr-gcc 
                supported processors
			-Doesn't save settings when completedd (stay in RAM)
			
Arduino Import Wizard:
	What:	-Allows the user to import a project started in the arduino environment, or downloaded 
                from the web
	
	After:	- Will import all files in the imported folder to the project.	
			- Will ask for the same settings that The new project creation Wizard asked for
			- Will save settings to file
	
	So Far: - Not started, but it will be the same settings page as shown in the New Projects Wizard
			
			 
Arduino Project Editor:
	Page 1:	 -User will be able to change the board/mcu settings, or change the arduino environment
	
	After:	 Project Wide Settings will be saved
	
	So Far: -Not Started
			-Really will just need to make another instance of the settings page which is already 
                being written 
				for the new project wizard
	
Custom Nature:
	What:	-The Arduino project nature will link the project with other arduino plugin tools
				(Such as the builder, project editor...)
	
	So Far: -Implements the arduino builder into the project

Arduino Builder:
	What:	-This Plugin uses code borrowed from the arduino IDE source so that it will compile 
                code the same way as the actual arduino code does
	After:  -Will be able to compile all projects that arduino IDE can
			-Ability to just remake the project, or also remake the entire core library
				(arduino remakes the core library every time).
	
	So Far:	Completed bug testing phase
		
	
Saved Preferences
	What:	-The plugin should be able to remember previous user settings and whatnot.
	After:	-Will save workspace wide and project wide settings to a file
	So Far:	-Still keeps settings in ram, so all settings are lost on exit
			-All settings are workspace wide
		
Editor for pde files:
	What:	-with the plugin, pde files should be opened as if they were c files with highlighting 
                and auto completion enabled.
	So Far:	-Not Started (probably somewhat easy to implement but i dont know how)



 
		